hi and welcome to the demonstration
video for Auto Fidelity's reset
entertainment system for our DQ 7
starting with the system layout we have
Alpine 7 inch screens which are
professionally trimmed and then
integrated into the factory Rd headrests
this retains all the safety features of
the original equipment we're also using
a six-disc Alpine DVD changer which is
capable of playing DivX files and can be
operated by remote control the system
comes with Alpine infrared wireless
headsets so that passengers can be
entertained while you listen to your
favorite CD or radio station this
particular car also has an optional
axillary input which can be used for
games consoles iPod video among other
many devices should we know this vehicle
is also equipped with a factory LD
hybrid TV tuner which we have interfaced
to the rear screen system this is an
option but can also be installed by Auto
stability this vehicle is also fitted
with an optional interface which allows
integration into the factory MMI screen
from our DVD system now we'll run
through a brief demonstration to explain
how the system operates operating the
DVD changer
once your DVDs have been loaded into DVD
player it is operated simply by pointing
the remote control directly at the
alpine screen the remote control will be
able to perform all of the major
functions of any standard DVD player
including play pause and fast-forward
operating the axillary this vehicle has
been fitted with an optional auxilary
input in this case we have a games
console connected operating the TV tuner
the TV tuner can be operated using the
factory ard MMI controls as you can see
the TV tuner is interfaced to the rear
screen
multiple source this installation has
been designed by auto fidelity to
provide the maximum flexibility when
choosing what to watch the system is set
up so that each passenger can choose
their source of entertainment from the
options available in this demonstration
one of our rear seat passengers can
watch a DVD while the other plays the
game console meanwhile the driver can be
listening to the radio because of Auto
fidelity we don't believe in doing
anything halfway we can also provide an
option for recent entertainment in the
third row with all of the options and
flexibility of our standard rear seat
entertainment systems